---
id: 36
title: Marrying Old
date: 2005-11-29T14:56:50+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/11/29/old-post-36/
categories:
  - Humor
---
At 85 years of age, Morris married Lou Anne, a lovely 25 year old. Since her  
new husband is so old, Lou Anne decides that after their wedding she and  
Morris should have separate bedrooms, because she is concerned that her new  
but aged husband may overexert himself if they spend the entire night  
together.

After the wedding festivities Lou Anne prepares herself for bed and the  
expected "knock" on the door. Sure enough the knock comes, the door opens  
and there is Morris, her 85 year old groom ready for action. They unite as  
one. All goes well, Morris takes leave of his bride, and she prepares to go  
to sleep.

After a few minutes, Lou Anne hears another knock on her bedroom door, and  
it&#8217;s Morris. Again he is ready for more "action".

Somewhat surprised, Lou Anne consents for more coupling. When the newlyweds  
are done, Morris kisses his bride, bids her a fond goodnight and leaves.

She! is set to go to sleep again, but, aha you guessed it &#8211; Morris is back  
again, rapping on the door, and is as fresh as a 25-year-old, ready for more  
"action". And, once again they enjoy each other. But as Morris gets set to  
leave again, his young bride says to him, "I am thoroughly impressed that at  
your age you can perform so well and so often. I have been with guys less  
than a third of your age who were only good  
once. You are truly a great lover, Morris."

Morris, somewhat embarrassed, turns to Lou Anne and says: "You mean I was  
here already?"