---
id: 61
title: 'What to do&#8230;'
date: 2005-07-21T22:38:49+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/07/21/old-post-61/
categories:
  - Misc
---
Dark had this on his blog, and I almost wasn&#8217;t going to fill it in&#8230; but I gave in

01. Bought everyone in the pub a drink  
02. Swam with wild dolphins  
**03. Climbed a mountain**  
04. Taken a Ferrari for a test drive  
**05. Been inside the Great Pyramid**  
06. Held a tarantula.  
**07. Taken a candlelit bath with someone**  
**08. Said &#8220;I love you&#8221; and meant it**  
**09. Hugged a tree**  
10. Done a striptease  
11. Bungee jumped  
**12. Visited Paris**  
**13. Watched a lightning storm at sea**  
**14. Stayed up all night long, and watch the sun rise**  
15. Seen the Northern Lights  
16. Gone to a huge sports game  
17. Walked the stairs to the top of the leaning Tower of Pisa  
**18. Grown and eaten your own vegetables**  
19. Touched an iceberg  
**20. Slept under the stars**  
21. Changed a baby&#8217;s diaper  
22. Taken a trip in a hot air balloon  
**23. Watched a meteor shower**  
**24. Gotten drunk on champagne**  
25. Given more than you can afford to charity  
**26. Looked up at the night sky through a telescope**  
27. Had an uncontrollable giggling fit at the worst possible moment  
**28. Had a food fight**  
29. Bet on a winning horse  
**30. Taken a sick day when you&#8217;re not ill**  
31. Asked out a stranger  
**32. Had a snowball fight**  
33. Photocopied your bottom on the office photocopier  
**34. Screamed as loudly as you possibly can**  
35. Held a lamb  
36. Enacted a favorite fantasy  
**37. Taken a midnight skinny dip**  
**38. Taken an ice cold bath**  
39. Had a meaningful conversation with a beggar  
**40. Seen a total eclipse**  
**41. Ridden a roller coaster**  
42. Hit a home run  
**43. Fit three weeks miraculously into three days**  
**44. Danced like a fool and not cared who was looking**  
45. Adopted an accent for an entire day  
46. Visited the birthplace of your ancestors  
**47. Actually felt happy about your life, even for just a moment**  
**48. Had two hard drives for your computer**  
49. Visited all 50 states  
50. Loved your job for all accounts  
**51. Taken care of someone who was shit faced**  
52. Had enough money to be truly satisfied  
**53. Had amazing friends**  
**54. Danced with a stranger in a foreign country**  
55. Watched wild whales  
**56. Stolen a sign**  
57. Backpacked in Europe  
58. Taken a road-trip  
59. Rock climbing  
60. Lied to foreign government&#8217;s official in that country to avoid notice  
**61. Midnight walk on the beach**  
**62. Sky diving**  
63. Visited Ireland  
64. Been heartbroken longer than you were actually in love  
65. In a restaurant, sat at a stranger&#8217;s table and had a meal with them  
66. Visited Japan  
67. Benchpressed your own weight  
**68. Milked a cow**  
69. Alphabetized your records  
70. Pretended to be a superhero  
71. Sung karaoke  
**72. Lounged around in bed all day**  
73. Posed nude in front of strangers  
**74. Scuba diving**  
75. Got it on to &#8220;Let&#8217;s Get It On&#8221; by Marvin Gaye  
76. Kissed in the rain  
**77. Played in the mud**  
**78. Played in the rain**  
79. Gone to a drive-in theater  
80. Done something you should regret, but don&#8217;t regret it  
81. Visited the Great Wall of China  
**82. Discovered that someone who&#8217;s not supposed to have known about your blog has discovered your blog**  
**83. Dropped Windows in favor of something better**  
84. Started a business  
**85. Fallen in love and not had your heart broken**  
**86. Toured ancient sites**  
**87. Taken a martial arts class**  
88. Swordfought for the honor of a woman  
**89. Played D&D for more than 6 hours straight (does a D&D RPG count?)**  
90. Gotten married  
91. Been in a movie  
92. Crashed a party  
93. Loved someone you shouldn&#8217;t have  
94. Kissed someone so passionately it made them dizzy  
95. Gotten divorced  
96. Had sex at the office  
97. Gone without food for 5 days  
**98. Made cookies from scratch**  
99. Won first prize in a costume contest  
100. Ridden a gondola in Venice  
101. Gotten a tattoo  
102. Found that the texture of some materials can turn you on  
103. Rafted the Snake River  
104. Been on television news programs as an &#8220;expert&#8221;  
**105. Got flowers for no reason**  
106. Masturbated in a public place  
107. Got so drunk you don&#8217;t remember anything  
108. Been addicted to some form of illegal drug  
**109. Performed on stage**  
110. Been to Las Vegas  
111. Recorded music  
112. Eaten shark  
113. Had a one-night stand  
114. Gone to Thailand  
115. Seen Siouxsie live  
116. Bought a house  
117. Been in a combat zone  
118. Buried one/both of your parents  
**119. \*****  
**120. Been on a cruise ship**  
**121. Spoken more than one language fluently** &#8211; Depends if my Italian was really fluent&#8230; probably not  
**122. Gotten into a fight while attempting to defend someone**  
123. Bounced a check  
124. Performed in Rocky Horror  
125. Read &#8211; and understood &#8211; your credit report  
126. Raised children  
127. Recently bought and played with a favorite childhood toy  
128. Followed your favorite band/singer on tour  
129. Created and named your own constellation of stars  
130. Taken an exotic bicycle tour in a foreign country  
131. Found out something significant that your ancestors did  
132. Called or written your Congress person  
133. Picked up and moved to another city to just start over  
134. &#8230;.more than once? &#8211; More than thrice?  
135. Walked the Golden Gate Bridge  
136. Sang loudly in the car, and didn&#8217;t stop when you knew someone was looking  
137. Had an abortion or your female partner did  
138. Had plastic surgery  
139. Survived an accident that you shouldn&#8217;t have survived  
140. Wrote articles for a large publication  
141. Lost over 100 pounds  
142. Held someone while they were having a seizure  
143. Piloted an airplane  
144. Petted a stingray  
**145. Broken someone&#8217;s heart**  
146. Helped an animal give birth  
**147. Been fired or laid off from a job**  
148. Won money on a T.V. game show  
**149. Broken a bone**  
150. Killed a human being  
151. Gone on an African photo safari  
**152. Ridden a motorcycle**  
**153. Driven any land vehicle at a speed of greater than 100mph**  
154. Had a body part of yours below the neck pierced  
155. Fired a rifle, shotgun, or pistol  
**156. Eaten mushrooms that were gathered in the wild**  
**157. Ridden a horse**  
158. Had major surgery  
159. Had sex on a moving train  
160. Had a snake as a pet  
161. Hiked to the bottom of the Grand Canyon  
162. Slept through an entire flight: takeoff, flight, and landing  
**163. Slept for more than 30 hours over the course of 48 hours**  
**164. Visited more foreign countries than U.S. states**  
165. Visited all 7 continents  
166. Taken a canoe trip that lasted more than 2 days  
**167. Eaten kangaroo meat**  
168. Fallen in love at an ancient Mayan burial ground  
169. Been a sperm or egg donor  
**170. Eaten sushi**  
**171. Had your picture in the newspaper**  
172. Had 2 (or more) healthy romantic relationships for over a year in your lifetime  
173. Changed someone&#8217;s mind about something you care deeply about  
174. Gotten someone fired for their actions  
175. Gone back to school  
**176. Parasailed**  
177. Changed your name  
178. Petted a cockroach  
179. Eaten fried green tomatoes  
180. Read The Iliad  
181. Selected one &#8220;important&#8221; author who you missed in school, and read  
182. Dined in a restaurant and stolen silverware, plates, cups because your apartment needed them  
183. …and gotten 86’ed from the restaurant because you did it so many times, they figured out it was you  
184. Taught yourself an art from scratch  
**185. Killed and prepared an animal for eating**  
186. Apologized to someone years after inflicting the hurt  
187. Skipped all your school reunions  
**188. Communicated with someone without sharing a common spoken language**  
189. Been elected to public office  
190. Written your own computer language  
191. Thought to yourself that you&#8217;re living your dream  
192. Had to put someone you love into hospice care  
**193. Built your own PC from parts**  
194. Sold your own artwork to someone who didn&#8217;t know you  
195. Had a booth at a street fair  
196: Dyed your hair  
197: Been a DJ  
198: Found out someone was going to dump you via LiveJournal  
199: Written your own role playing game  
200: Been arrested