---
id: 8
title: Cockpit Converations
date: 2005-03-16T13:43:14+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/03/16/old-post-8/
categories:
  - Humor
---
Here are some conversations that airline passengers normally will never  
hear. The following are accounts of actual exchanges between airline  
pilots and control towers around the world.

Tower: &#8220;Delta 351, you have traffic at 10 o&#8217;clock, 6 miles!&#8221; Delta 351:  
&#8220;Give us another hint! We have digital watches!&#8221;

============================================================  
&#8220;TWA 2341, for noise abatement turn right 45 Degrees.&#8221;

&#8220;Centre, we are at 35,000 feet. How much noise can we make up here?&#8221;

&#8220;Sir, have you ever heard the noise a 747 makes when it hits a 727?&#8221;  
============================================================  
O&#8217;Hare Approach Control to a 747: &#8220;United 329 heavy, your traffic is a  
Fokker, one o&#8217;clock, three miles, Eastbound.&#8221;

United 239: &#8220;Approach, I&#8217;ve always wanted to say this&#8230; I&#8217;ve got the  
Little Fokker in sight.&#8221;  
============================================================  
A student became lost during a solo cross-country flight. While  
attempting to locate the aircraft on radar, ATC asked, &#8220;What was your  
last known position?&#8221;

Student: &#8220;When I was number one for take-off.&#8221;  
============================================================  
A DC-10 had come in a little hot and thus had an exceedingly long roll  
out after touching down. San Jose Tower Noted: &#8220;American 751, make a  
hard right turn at the end of the runway, if you are able. If you are  
not able, take the Guadalupe exit off Highway 101, make a right at the  
lights and return to the airport.&#8221;  
============================================================  
There&#8217;s a story about the military pilot calling for a priority landing  
because his single-engine jet fighter was running &#8220;a bit peaked.&#8221;

Air Traffic Control told the fighter jock that he was number two, behind  
a B-52 that had one engine shut down.

&#8220;Ah,&#8221; the fighter pilot remarked, &#8220;The dreaded seven-engine approach.&#8221;  
============================================================  
Taxiing down the Tarmac, a United DC-10 abruptly stopped, turned around  
and returned to the gate. After an hour-long wait, it finally took off.  
A concerned passenger asked the flight attendant, &#8220;What, exactly, was  
the problem?&#8221;

&#8220;The pilot was bothered by a noise he heard in the engine,&#8221; explained  
the flight attendant. &#8220;It took us a while to find a new pilot.&#8221;  
============================================================  
A Pan Am 727 flight waiting for start clearance in Munich overheard the  
following: Lufthansa (in German): &#8220;Ground, what is our start clearance  
time?&#8221;

Ground (in English): &#8220;If you want an answer you must speak in English.&#8221;  
Lufthansa (in English): &#8220;I am a German, flying a German airplane, in  
Germany. Why must I speak English?&#8221;

Unknown voice from another plane (in a beautiful British accent):  
&#8220;Because you lost the war.&#8221;  
============================================================  
Tower: &#8220;Eastern 702, cleared for take-off, contact Departure on  
frequency 124.7&#8221;

Eastern 702: &#8220;Tower, Eastern 702 switching to Departure. By the way,  
after we lifted off we saw some kind of dead animal on the far end of  
the runway.&#8221;

Tower: &#8220;Continental 635, cleared for take-off behind Eastern 702,  
contact Departure on frequency 124.7. Did you copy that report from  
Eastern 702?&#8221;

Continental 635: &#8220;Continental 635, cleared for take-off, roger; and yes,  
we copied Eastern&#8230; we&#8217;ve already notified our caterers.&#8221;  
=========================================================  
One day the pilot of a Cherokee 180 was told by the tower to hold short  
of the active runway while a DC-8 landed. The DC-8 landed, rolled out,  
turned around, and taxied back past the Cherokee.

Some quick-witted comedian in the DC-8 crew got on the radio and said,  
&#8220;What a cute little plane. Did you make it all by yourself?&#8221;

The Cherokee pilot, not about to let the insult go by, came back with a  
Real zinger: &#8220;I made it out of DC-8 parts. Another landing like yours  
and I&#8217;ll have enough parts for another one.&#8221;  
============================================================  
While taxiing at London&#8217;s Gatwick Airport, the crew of a US Air flight  
departing for Ft. Lauderdale made a wrong turn and came nose to nose  
with a United 727. An irate female ground controller lashed out at the  
US Air crew, screaming: &#8220;US Air 2771, where the hell are you going?! I  
told you to turn right onto Charlie taxiway! You turned right on Delta!  
Stop right there. I know it&#8217;s difficult for you to tell the difference  
between C and D, but get it right!&#8221;

Continuing her rage to the embarrassed crew, she was now shouting  
hysterically: &#8220;God! Now you&#8217;ve screwed everything up! It&#8217;ll take forever  
to sort this out! You stay right there and don&#8217;t move till I tell you  
to! You can expect progressive taxi instructions in about half an hour  
and I want you to go exactly where I tell you, when I tell you, and how  
I tell you! You got that, US Air 2771?&#8221;

&#8220;Yes, ma&#8217;am,&#8221; the humbled crew responded.

Naturally, the ground control communications frequency fell terribly  
silent after the verbal bashing of US Air 2771. Nobody wanted to chance  
engaging the irate ground controller in her current state of mind.  
Tension in every cockpit out around Gatwick was definitely running high.

Just then an unknown pilot broke the silence and keyed his  
microphone,asking: &#8220;Wasn&#8217;t I married to you once?&#8221;