---
id: 81
title: Dead Laptop
date: 2005-11-17T20:40:59+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/11/17/old-post-81/
categories:
  - Misc
---
Although I am writing this post from my laptop, and hence it is not completely ddead, I am writing from Linux as Windows will not boot. 

How did I end up in this predicament?  
I wanted to install service pack 2. The machine did not come with it, and as the company rolls out its own set up of windows I could not install Microsofts version. There is a trial program to install the company version of SP2, and I readall the warnings about installing it and did not see anything about it Blue Screening after installing &#8211; so I thought I would give it a go. 

As you can tell, it did not end up happily. 

The question is how long I wait to get it reinstalled. I cannot really do it myself. Apart from not having a Windows CD, I am supposed to run the companies version of Windows (I am not sure how they feel about running my own version of linux either). 

I am hoping to get a reply from the group trialing SP2 as they might find some core dumps from my machine useful and even have a solution. At the same time, the new install the company uses for Windows has SP2 in it already, so I am tempted to just get it installed and re-partition the disk for linux after.  
I have not really lost anything. I just need to remember to back up my email program, in case the automatic backup is not set up properly (this will be a good chance to test if I am missing anything from my regular backups). Apart from that I just need to grab my kernel config file from linux (yes, I build my own kernel &#8211; I have a few things I need to do it for, like making the laptop sleep, and it isn&#8217;t all that difficult. Speaking of which, if you run Debian I have a wonderful article that will have you building and running your own kernel in a few hours) <span class="media">Listening to: Goo Goo Dolls &#8211; Iris</span>