---
id: 29
title: Mr Honda
date: 2005-08-30T14:41:09+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/08/30/old-post-29/
categories:
  - Humor
---
<font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;">Mr Honda of the Honda<br /> Motorcycle Corporation died and went to <br /> heaven for judgment.</p> 

<p>
  At the gates, St. Peter told him, "since you&#8217;ve been such a good <br /> man and your motorcycles have changed the world, your reward is, you can <br /> hang out with anyone you want in Heaven."
</p>

<p>
  Mr Honda thought about it for a minute and then said, "I want to <br /> hang out with God. I have a question for Him."
</p>

<p>
  St. Peter took Mr Honda to the Throne Room and introduced him to God.
</p>

<p>
  Mr. Honda then asked God, "Aren&#8217;t you the inventor of women?"</span></font>
</p>

<p>
  <font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;"></span></font><font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;"><br /> God Said, "Ah, yes. Indeed I am".</p> 
  
  <p>
    "Well," said Mr Honda, "Professional to professional, you have<br /> some <br /> major design flaws in your design;
  </p>
  
  <p>
    1- There&#8217;s too much inconsistency in the front-end protrusion.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    2- It chatters constantly at high speeds.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    3- Most of the rear ends are too soft and have excessive wobble.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    4- The intake is placed way too close to the exhaust.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    5- Plus the monthly down time and aggravation are outrageous, <br /> and I don&#8217;t even wanna start talking about the maintenance costs.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    "Hmmmm, you do raise some good points" replied God, "Lets have a<br /> <br /> wee look."
  </p>
  
  <p>
    God went to his Celestial super computer, typed in a few things and <br /> waited for the results.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    After a moment God said, "Well, it may be true that my invention <br /> seems to be flawed, but according to these numbers, more men are riding <br /> my invention than yours."</span></font>
  </p>