---
id: 30
title: 'Hell: The complete story'
date: 2005-08-30T14:42:33+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/08/30/old-post-30/
categories:
  - Humor
---
<font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;"><br /> The following is an actual question given on a<br /> </span></font><font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;">University</span></font><font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;"> of </span></font><font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;">Washington</span></font><font size="2" face="Courier New"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Courier New&quot;;"> chemistry mid-term. &nbsp; &nbsp;The<br /> answer by one student was so "profound" that the professor shared it<br /> with colleagues, via the Internet, which is, of course, why we now have<br /> the pleasure of enjoying it as well. &nbsp;B Bonus Question: Is Hell<br /> exothermic (gives off heat) or endothermic (absorbs heat)?</p> 

<p>
  Most of the students wrote proofs of their beliefs using Boyle&#8217;s Law<br /> (gas cools when it expands and heats when it is compressed) or some<br /> variant.
</p>

<p>
  One student, however, wrote the following:
</p>

<p>
  First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we<br /> need to know the rate at which souls are moving into Hell and the rate<br /> at which they are leaving. I think that we can safely assume that once a<br /> soul gets to Hell, it will not leave.<br /> Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering<br /> Hell, let&#8217;s look at the different Religions that exist in the world<br /> today.<br /> Most of these religions state that if you are not a member of their<br /> religion, you will go to Hell. &nbsp;Since there is more than one of these<br /> religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we<br /> can project that all souls go to Hell. With birth and death rates as<br /> they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase<br /> exponentially.
</p>

<p>
  Now, we look at the rate of change of the volume in Hell because Boyle&#8217;s<br /> Law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in Hell to<br /> stay the same, the volume of Hell has to expand proportionately as souls<br /> are added.
</p>

<p>
  This gives two possibilities:
</p>

<p>
  1. If Hell is expanding at a slower rate than the rate at which souls<br /> enter Hell, then the temperature and pressure in Hell will increase<br /> until all Hell breaks loose.
</p>

<p>
  2. If Hell is expanding at a rate faster than the increase of souls in<br /> Hell, then the temperature and pressure will drop until Hell freezes<br /> over.<br /> So which is it?
</p>

<p>
  If we accept the postulate given to me by Teresa during my Freshman year<br /> that, "it will be a cold day in Hell before I sleep with you, and take<br /> into account the fact that I slept with her last night, then number<br /> 2 must be true, and thus I am sure that Hell is exothermic and has<br /> already frozen over.
</p>

<p>
  The corollary of this theory is that since Hell has frozen over, it<br /> follows that it is not accepting any more souls and is therefore,<br /> extinct, leaving only Heaven thereby proving the existence of a divine<br /> being which explains &nbsp;why, last night, Teresa kept shouting "Oh my<br /> God."<br /> </span></font>
</p>