---
id: 5
title: New Phrases
date: 2005-03-15T21:52:06+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/03/15/old-post-5/
categories:
  - Humor
---
  * **TESTICULATING** &#8211; Waving your arms around and talking bollocks. 


  * **BLAMESTORMING** &#8211; Sitting around in a group, discussing why a deadline was missed or a project failed, and who was responsible. 


  * **SEAGULL MANAGER** &#8211; A manager who flies in, makes a lot of noise, craps on everything, and then leaves. 


  * **ASSMOSIS** &#8211; The process by which people seem to absorb success and advancement by sucking up to the boss rather than working hard. (As per Mr Smithers) 


  * **SALMON DAY** &#8211; The experience of spending entire day swimming upstream only to get screwed and die. 


  * **CUBE FARM** &#8211; An office filled with cubicles. 


  * **PRAIRIE DOGGING** &#8211; When someone yells or drops something loudly in a cube farm, and people&#8217;s heads pop up over the walls to see what&#8217;s going on. (This also applies to applause from a promotion because there may be cake.) 


  * **MOUSE POTATO** &#8211; The on-line, wired generation&#8217;s answer to the couch potato. 


  * **SITCOMs** &#8211; Single Income, Two Children, Oppressive Mortgage. What yuppies turn into when they have children and one of them stops working to stay home with the kids or start a &#8220;home business&#8221;. 


  * **STRESS PUPPY** &#8211; A person who seems to thrive on being stressed out and whiny. 


  * **PERCUSSIVE MAINTENANCE** &#8211; The fine art of whacking the crap out of an electronic device to get it to work again. 


  * **OHNOSECOND** &#8211; That minuscule fraction of time in which you realise that you&#8217;ve just made a BIG mistake (e. g. you&#8217;ve hit &#8216;reply all&#8217;) 


  * **GOING FOR A McSh*T** &#8211; Entering a fast food restaurant with no intention of buying food, you&#8217;re just going to the bog. If challenged by a pimply staff member, your declaration to them that you&#8217;ll buy their food afterwards is known as a &#8220;McSh*t with Lies.&#8221; 


  * **AEROPLANE BLONDE** &#8211; One who has bleached/dyed her hair but still has a &#8216;black box&#8217;. 


  * **AUSSIE KISS** &#8211; Similar to a French Kiss, but given down under. 


  * **BREAKING THE SEAL** &#8211; Your first pee in the pub, usually after 2 hours of drinking. After breaking the seal of your bladder, repeat visits to the toilet will be required every 10 or 15 minutes for the rest of the night. 


  * **GREYHOUND** &#8211; A very short skirt, only an inch from the hare. 
      * **MILLENNIUM DOMES** &#8211; The contents of a Wonder bra, i.e. extremely impressive when viewed from the outside, but there&#8217;s actually nought in there worth seeing. 
    
    
      * **MONKEY BATH** &#8211; A bath so hot, that when lowering yourself in, you go:&#8221;Oo!Oo!  
        Ho! Aa! Aa! Aa!&#8221;. 
    
    
      * **SALAD DODGER**</strong> &#8211; An excellent phrase for an overweight person. 
    
    
      * **SWAMP-DONKEY**</strong> &#8211; A deeply unattractive woman
    </ul>