---
id: 17
title: '&#8216;Cow Capitalism&#8217;'
date: 2005-04-08T21:53:59+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/04/08/old-post-17/
categories:
  - Humor
---
TRADITIONAL CAPITALISM:  
You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. Your herd multiplies, and the economy grows. You sell the herd and retire on the income.

AN AMERICAN CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You sell one, and force the other to produce the milk of four cows. You are surprised when the cow drops dead. 

A FRENCH CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You go on strike because you want three cows.

A JAPANESE CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You re-design them so they are one-tenth the size of an ordinary cow and produce twenty times the milk. You then create irritating cow cartoon images called Cowkimon and market them world-wide at a fantastic profit.

A GERMAN CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You re-engineer them so they live for 100 years, eat once a month, and milk themselves.

ENGLISH CORPORATION  
You have two cows. Both are mad.

AN ITALIAN CORPORATION  
You have two cows, but you don&#8217;t know where they are. You break for lunch.

A RUSSIAN CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You count them and learn you have five cows. You count them again and learn you have 42 cows. You count them again and learn you have 12 cows. You stop counting cows and open another bottle of vodka.

A SWISS CORPORATION  
You have 5000 cows, none of which belong to you. You charge others for storing them.

A HINDU CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You worship them.

CHINESE CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You have 300 people milking them. You claim full employment, high bovine productivity, and arrest the newsman who reported the numbers.

A WELSH CORPORATION  
You have two cows. The younger one is rather attractive

AN AUSTRALIAN CORPORATION  
You have 2 stolen bulls but think they are cows You die the first time you try and milk them.

AN IRISH CORPORATION  
You have two cows, but who cares, The EU Really owns them now and the pub is still serving

A NEW ZEALAND CORPORATION  
You have two cows. You don&#8217;t know what they are used for as they aren&#8217;t sheep