---
id: 11
title: Points To Ponder
date: 2005-03-16T19:53:06+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/03/16/old-post-11/
categories:
  - Humor
---
1. Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can&#8217;t even get into my own pants.

2. Marriage changes passion. Suddenly you&#8217;re in bed with a relative.

3. I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with &#8220;Guess&#8221; on it. So I said &#8220;Implants?&#8221; She hit me.

4. I don&#8217;t do drugs. I get the same effect just standing up fast.

5. Sign in a Chinese Pet Store: &#8220;Buy one dog, get one flea&#8230;&#8221;

6. I live in my own little world. But it&#8217;s OK. They know me here.

7. I got a jumper for Christmas. I really wanted a screamer or a moaner.

8. If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the terminal?

9. I don&#8217;t approve of political jokes. I&#8217;ve seen too many of them get elected.

10. There are two sides to every divorce: Yours and that idiot&#8217;s.

11. I love being married. It&#8217;s so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.

12. I am a nobody, and nobody is perfect, therefore, I am perfect.

13. Everyday I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I have stayed alive.

14. How come we choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?

15. Isn&#8217;t having a smoking section in a restaurant like having a peeing section in a swimming pool?

16. Why is it that most nudists are people you don&#8217;t want to see naked?

17. Snowmen fall from Heaven unassembled.

18. Every time I walk into a singles bar I can hear Mum&#8217;s wise words: &#8220;Don&#8217;t pick that up, you don&#8217;t know where it&#8217;s been!&#8221;

19. A good friend will come and bail you out of jail&#8230;but, a true friend will be sitting next to you saying, &#8220;Damn..that was fun!&#8221;

20. I signed up for an exercise class and was told to wear loose-fitting clothing. If I HAD any loose-fitting clothing, I wouldn&#8217;t have signed up in the first place!

21. When I was young we used to go &#8220;skinny dipping,&#8221; now I just &#8220;chunky dunk.&#8221;

22. The worst thing about accidents in the kitchen is eating them.

23. Don&#8217;t argue with an idiot, people watching may not be able to tell the difference.

24. Wouldn&#8217;t it be nice if whenever we messed up our life we could simply press &#8216;Ctrl Alt Delete&#8217; and start all over?

25. Stress is when you wake up screaming and then you realize you haven&#8217;t fallen asleep yet.

26. My wife says I never listen to her, at least I think that&#8217;s what she said.

27. Just remember&#8230;if the world didn&#8217;t suck, we&#8217;d all fall off.

28. If raising children was going to be easy, it never would have started with something called LABOUR!

29. Wouldn&#8217;t you know it&#8230;Brain cells come and brain cells go, but FAT cells live forever.