---
id: 32
title: Morality test
date: 2005-10-14T10:41:47+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2005/10/14/old-post-32/
categories:
  - Humor
---
This test only has one question, but it&#8217;s a very important one. By giving an honest answer, you will discover where you stand morally.

The test features an unlikely, fictional situation in which you will have to make a decision.

Remember that your answer needs to be honest, and spontaneous. Please scroll down slowly and give due consideration to each line.

&nbsp;&nbsp; &#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;-  
THE SITUATION

You are in New Orleans, There is chaos all around you caused by a hurricane with severe flooding. You are a photo journalist working for a major newspaper and you&#8217;re caught in the middle of this epic disaster.

You&#8217;re trying to shoot career-making photos. There are houses and people swirling around you, and disappearing under the water.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ===============================================  
THE TEST

Suddenly you see a man in the water. He is fighting for his life, trying not to be taken down with the debris. You move closer. Somehow the man looks familiar. You suddenly realize who it is. 

It&#8217;s the President, George W. Bush.

At the same time you notice that the raging waters are about to take&nbsp; him under forever. You have two options- you can save the life of the President, or you can shoot a dramatic Pulitzer Prize winning photo, documenting the death of one of the world&#8217;s most famous men.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ===============================================

THE QUESTION

Here&#8217;s the question, and please give an honest answer&#8230;&#8230;.

Would you select high contrast colour film, or would you go with the classic simplicity of black and white?