---
id: 40
title: Phone Call
date: 2006-01-26T09:45:41+00:00
author: Anton Piatek
layout: post
permalink: /2006/01/26/old-post-40/
categories:
  - Humor
---
An American decided to write a bookabout famous churches around the world.

So he bought a plane ticket and took a trip to Orlando,thinking that he would start by working his way across the USA from South to North.

On his first day he was inside a churchtaking photographs when he noticed a golden telephone mounted on the wallwith a sign that read"$10,000 per call". The American, being intrigued,asked a priest who was strolling by what the telephone was used for. The priest replied that it was a direct line to heaven and that for$10,000 you could talk to God.&nbsp; 

The American thanked the priest and went along his way. 

Next stop was inAtlanta. There, at a very large cathedral, he sawthe same golden telephone with the same sign under it. He wondered if this was the same kind of telephone he saw in Orlando and heasked a nearby nun what its purpose was. She told him that it was a direct line to heaven and that for $10,000he could talk to God."O.K., thank you," said the American. 

He then travelled to Indianapolis, Washington DC, Philadelphia,Boston and New York. In every church he saw the same golden telephonewith the same "$10,000 per call" sign under it. The American, upon leaving Vermont decided to travel to AUSTRALIAt osee if Australians had the same phone.

He arrived in Australia, and again, in the first church he entered, therewas the same golden telephone, but this time the sign under it read "40cents per call." The American was surprised so he asked the priest about the sign. "Father, I&#8217;ve travelled all over America and I&#8217;ve seen this samegolden telephone in many churches. I&#8217;m told that it is a direct lineto Heaven, but in the US the price was $10,000 per call. Why is it so cheap here?" 

The priest smiled and answered,"You&#8217;re in Australia now, son &#8211; it&#8217;sa local call".